Mother
This has nothing to do with Huamen
Just forgive him once, I forgive him
He made me lose face in this boutique factory for the Gu family
And you asked me to spare him?
5,000 you put him with his cheap sister
Shoot me all
5,0005 words Mei is now pregnant
Qin Huomei, you and your sister
Let us lose face in front of the commander-in-chief
Become a joke for the whole of Jinping City
That's it for now.
Wei Xian
Help me
Mother, just look at the face of the commander-in-chief
Just let him go
Commander-in-Chief, you promised my father
Say you will take care of me
Qin Zhumei has a good posture
It's a pity to kill
What about this?
The criminal is his brother-in-law after all
Qin Huomei doesn't have much effort
Don't be too punished
Thank you, Commander, but
Antique Jun
You can't even handle your own family affairs
It seems
You don't have much time to deal with the lone army either
Why don't you go home with a warm heart?
Commander commander
My position as overseer cannot be withdrawn
Why should the commander withdraw from the position of the overseer?
The position of overseer cannot be withdrawn
It's really messy, hahahahaha.
Oh, dear.
You are all you bitch
If my son's gold-plated position doesn't hold me back
I want to live with you even if I die
You you don't go you don't go oops
Beichen Beichen
You save me
I'll tell you what.
If it is because of you that I am removed from the command of the Overseer
I will never forgive you
Brother Beichen, don't come
Delay and blame 30
Qin Yuting still insults the Gu family
Kill, don't, don't
Lin Jingyuan, wait for me.
I wrote down this hatred today
I'm waiting for you.
Qin Huanmei
The taste of eating your own fruit
Not good for Lin Jingyuan
Today's hatred
I made a note.